pages/docs/sdks/environment.mdx, before:

# Environment Variables

Consult your deployment and framework documentation on how to set these the environment variables.

## Required

### COOKIE_SECRET

This environment variable must be set. It should be a different value for each environment such as development and production. This is the key used to encrypt and decrypt the cookies the client uses to manage state. It is a 32 byte random / 64 character hex value. You can generate a value with:

```sh
node -e "console.log(crypto.randomBytes(32).toString('hex'))"
```

### CLIENT_ID

The `client_id` for your app from the [Hellō Developer Console](https://console.hello.coop).

This environment variable must be set when using the [`hellocoop/client`](https://github.com/hellocoop/docker-client) Docker Image or the [`@hellocoop/cdk-client`](https://github.com/hellocoop/) CDK Construct which don't not use `hello.config.js`.

Optionally use with the SDKs to override the `client_id` value set in `hello.config.js` if you need different `client_id` values for different environments.

## Recommended

### HOST
*or HELLO_HOST*

The hostname component of the `redirect_uri` for your application. If set, the `redirect_uri` will be 
```
https://${HOST}/api/hellocoop
``` 
unless `API_ROUTE` is set, and then it will be 
```
https://${HOST}${API_ROUTE}
```
If `HOST` is not set, the client will send a script to the browser to detect the end point on the first call. This allows the client to be used by developers in development environments where the hostname is dynamically generated.

## Advanced

### API_ROUTE

Defaults to `/api/hellocoop`. Change if you have a different path for the Hellō Endpoint.

### COOKIE_TOKEN

Include the vale of the Hellō cookie when calling `op=auth`. This is an encrypted value that can be used with AWS API Gateway. Details TBD.

### LOGIN_EVENT_URL

Details TBD.

### PROVIDER_HINT

Override the provider hint

### SAME_SITE_STRICT

Use `same_site=strict` in the cookies set. Will cause additional redirects, and cookies will not be passed if a user links into your site from another site.

### SCOPES

Override the scope requested from Hellō. 

### HELLO_*

If there is a conflict with any of the variable names above that don't start with `Hello_`, you can prefix the variable name with `HELLO_`, which will take precedence over the the other value. For example `HELLO_HOST` will have precedence over `HOST`.


### HELLO_WALLET

Defaults to `wallet.hello.coop`. Change when using a mock server of the Wallet such as [mockin](../mockin) during development or testing. 

### HELLO_DOMAIN

Defaults to `hello.coop`. Used by Hellō for development and internal testing. Will change the domain used for the Wallet, Quickstart, and Console SPAs.

Commit message:

docs: Add cookieDomain configuration documentation
- Add cookieDomain config option to SDK configuration docs
- Add HELLO_COOKIE_DOMAIN environment variable documentation
- Include security notes about subdomain access
- Document cross-subdomain authentication capabilities

Related to @hellocoop/api@2.4.0 feature release

pages/docs/sdks/environment.mdx, after:

# Environment Variables

Consult your deployment and framework documentation on how to set these the environment variables.

## Required

### COOKIE_SECRET

This environment variable must be set. It should be a different value for each environment such as development and production. This is the key used to encrypt and decrypt the cookies the client uses to manage state. It is a 32 byte random / 64 character hex value. You can generate a value with:

```sh
node -e "console.log(crypto.randomBytes(32).toString('hex'))"
```

### CLIENT_ID

The `client_id` for your app from the [Hellō Developer Console](https://console.hello.coop).

This environment variable must be set when using the [`hellocoop/client`](https://github.com/hellocoop/docker-client) Docker Image or the [`@hellocoop/cdk-client`](https://github.com/hellocoop/) CDK Construct which don't not use `hello.config.js`.

Optionally use with the SDKs to override the `client_id` value set in `hello.config.js` if you need different `client_id` values for different environments.

## Recommended

### HOST
*or HELLO_HOST*

The hostname component of the `redirect_uri` for your application. If set, the `redirect_uri` will be 
```
https://${HOST}/api/hellocoop
``` 
unless `API_ROUTE` is set, and then it will be 
```
https://${HOST}${API_ROUTE}
```
If `HOST` is not set, the client will send a script to the browser to detect the end point on the first call. This allows the client to be used by developers in development environments where the hostname is dynamically generated.

## Advanced

### API_ROUTE

Defaults to `/api/hellocoop`. Change if you have a different path for the Hellō Endpoint.

### COOKIE_TOKEN

Include the vale of the Hellō cookie when calling `op=auth`. This is an encrypted value that can be used with AWS API Gateway. Details TBD.

### HELLO_COOKIE_DOMAIN

Set the domain for authentication cookies (e.g., `.example.com`). This enables auth cookies to work across all subdomains of the specified domain. If not set, cookies are restricted to the current host only. 

**Security Note**: Only set this if you control all subdomains, as any subdomain will have access to the authentication cookies.

Example: Setting `HELLO_COOKIE_DOMAIN=.mycompany.com` allows authentication to work across `app.mycompany.com`, `api.mycompany.com`, etc.

### LOGIN_EVENT_URL

Details TBD.

### PROVIDER_HINT

Override the provider hint

### SAME_SITE_STRICT

Use `same_site=strict` in the cookies set. Will cause additional redirects, and cookies will not be passed if a user links into your site from another site.

### SCOPES

Override the scope requested from Hellō. 

### HELLO_*

If there is a conflict with any of the variable names above that don't start with `Hello_`, you can prefix the variable name with `HELLO_`, which will take precedence over the the other value. For example `HELLO_HOST` will have precedence over `HOST`.


### HELLO_WALLET

Defaults to `wallet.hello.coop`. Change when using a mock server of the Wallet such as [mockin](../mockin) during development or testing. 

### HELLO_DOMAIN

Defaults to `hello.coop`. Used by Hellō for development and internal testing. Will change the domain used for the Wallet, Quickstart, and Console SPAs.
