pages/docs/sdks/quickstart.mdx, before:

# Quickstart

[Quickstart](https://quickstart.hello.coop) accelerates getting a developer up and running with apps that use Hellō. It returns a `client_id` by creating a new app with defaults, or selecting an existing Hellō app.

The [Hellō Login](https://wordpress.org/plugins/hello-login/) WordPress plug-in and [Hellō Next.js Sample](https://hello-nextjs-sample.vercel.app) app use Hellō Quickstart.


There are three mechanisms to invoke Quickstart:

1. Load `https://quickstart.hello.coop` with query parameters. This can be used by any configuration script. See [API Reference | Quickstart](/docs/apis/quickstart) for details.
2. Run the Quickstart CLI with `npx @hellocoop/quickstart@latest` passing command line parameters. This requires the developer to have Node.js installed. 
3. Import the `@hellocoop/quickstart` npm package into a Node.js script and use the module.

(2) and (3) both start a local web server on an unused port and launch the default web browser to load the Quickstart Web App.


## CLI Parameters

You can run the following command to create or retrieve the `client_id` for a Hellō Application. 
```sh
npx @hellocoop/quickstart@latest
```

This will open up a browser window, where you will need to login with Hellō, and then choose to create a new app, or return the `client_id`.

#### Options

- --provider_hint (-p) - space separated string of provider_hint 
- --suffix (-x) - suffix to add to generated app name
- --integration (-i) - integration name shown in console
- --wildcard (-w) - boolean to set the wildcard domain Development Redirect URI
- --nextjs_app_router - boolean to configure a Next.js app for App router
- --nextjs_pages_router - boolean to configure a Next.js app for Pages router
- --express - boolean to configure an Express app
- --fastify - boolean to configure a Fastify app

## `@hellocoop/quickstart` API
`quickstart(config)`

You can incorporate Quickstart in a Node.js script as part of your installer

To install in a project:

```sh npm2yarn
npm install -D @hellocoop/quickstart
```

You can then use call Quickstart from a configuration script, example:
```typescript
// typescript
import quickstart from '@hellocoop/quickstart';

...
const config = {
    response_uri: 'http://localhost:8080',
    name: 'Acme Demo App'
    // ... other config parameters
}

const client_id = await quickstart(config)
```

### Options

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|`suffix`| String that will be appended to the suggested name (eg: John's + suffix) for an app to be created. Defaults to "Application"|
|`integration`| Application that started Quickstart, shown in console, defaults to `quickstart`|
|`name`| Name of the application (`suffix` param is ignored if `name` param is provided)|
|`wildcard_domain`| a boolean value indicating if wildcard domains are enabled in Development Redirect URIs|
|`provider_hint`| a space separated list of recommended providers per [provider_hint](/docs/apis/wallet/#provider-hint) that will be presented when logging in new users to Quickstart|

The options above are passed through as query parameters to the Quickstart Web App, and are the same as documented in [API Reference | Quickstart](/docs/apis/quickstart/)

Commit message:

docs: Update Quickstart documentation for CLI options and API config
- Revised the CLI options section to improve formatting and clarity, ensuring consistent presentation of command-line flags.
- Expanded the API config options table to include additional parameters such as `tos_uri`, `pp_uri`, `image_uri`, and `dark_image_uri`, enhancing user understanding of available configurations.
- Ensured all options are clearly documented as query parameters for the Quickstart Web App, improving accessibility and usability.

pages/docs/sdks/quickstart.mdx, after:

# Quickstart

[Quickstart](https://quickstart.hello.coop) accelerates getting a developer up and running with apps that use Hellō. It returns a `client_id` by creating a new app with defaults, or selecting an existing Hellō app.

The [Hellō Login](https://wordpress.org/plugins/hello-login/) WordPress plug-in and [Hellō Next.js Sample](https://hello-nextjs-sample.vercel.app) app use Hellō Quickstart.


There are three mechanisms to invoke Quickstart:

1. Load `https://quickstart.hello.coop` with query parameters. This can be used by any configuration script. See [API Reference | Quickstart](/docs/apis/quickstart) for details.
2. Run the Quickstart CLI with `npx @hellocoop/quickstart@latest` passing command line parameters. This requires the developer to have Node.js installed. 
3. Import the `@hellocoop/quickstart` npm package into a Node.js script and use the module.

(2) and (3) both start a local web server on an unused port and launch the default web browser to load the Quickstart Web App.


## CLI Parameters

You can run the following command to create or retrieve the `client_id` for a Hellō Application. 
```sh
npx @hellocoop/quickstart@latest
```

This will open up a browser window, where you will need to login with Hellō, and then choose to create a new app, or return the `client_id`.

### CLI Options

**Configuration Options:**
- `--provider_hint` (`-p`) - space separated string of provider_hint 
- `--suffix` (`-x`) - suffix to add to generated app name
- `--integration` (`-i`) - integration name shown in console
- `--wildcard_domain` (`-w`) - boolean to set the wildcard domain Development Redirect URI

**Framework Templates:**
- `--nextjs_app_router` - configure a Next.js app with App Router
- `--nextjs_pages_router` - configure a Next.js app with Pages Router
- `--express` - configure an Express app
- `--fastify` - configure a Fastify app

## `@hellocoop/quickstart` API
`quickstart(config)`

You can incorporate Quickstart in a Node.js script as part of your installer

To install in a project:

```sh npm2yarn
npm install -D @hellocoop/quickstart
```

You can then use call Quickstart from a configuration script, example:
```typescript
// typescript
import quickstart from '@hellocoop/quickstart';

...
const config = {
    response_uri: 'http://localhost:8080',
    name: 'Acme Demo App'
    // ... other config parameters
}

const client_id = await quickstart(config)
```

### API Config Options

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|`suffix`| String that will be appended to the suggested name (eg: John's + suffix) for an app to be created. Defaults to "Application"|
|`name`| Name of the application (`suffix` param is ignored if `name` param is provided)|
|`integration`| Application that started Quickstart, shown in console, defaults to `quickstart`|
|`wildcard_domain`| Boolean indicating if wildcard domains are enabled in Development Redirect URIs|
|`provider_hint`| Space separated list of recommended providers per [provider_hint](/docs/apis/wallet/#provider-hint) that will be presented when logging in new users to Quickstart|
|`tos_uri`| URL to Terms of Service|
|`pp_uri`| URL to Privacy Policy|
|`image_uri`| URL to application logo image|
|`dark_image_uri`| URL to application logo image for dark mode|
|`redirect_uri`| Redirect URI for the application|

All options are passed through as query parameters to the Quickstart Web App, and are documented in [API Reference | Quickstart](/docs/apis/quickstart/)
