pages/docs/sdks/vue.mdx, before:

import { Callout, Steps, Tabs } from 'nextra/components'

# Vue

This packages provides Hellō button components that you can use in a Vue SPA.

## Setup

To add Hellō to your Vue application, in your project directory:

<Steps>
### Install the package

```sh npm2yarn
npm i @hellocoop/vue
```

### Add Hellō stylesheet

To provide the button styling, add the below code to the `<head>` section of the `index.html`:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.hello.coop/css/hello-btn.css"/>
```
</Steps>

## Components

```typescript
import { // only import buttons used
    ContinueButton, 
    LoginButton, 
    UpdateProfileButton
} from '@hellocoop/vue'
```

### Buttons

`<ContinueButton/>` - provides \[ ō Continue with Hellō \]

`<LoginButton/>` - provides \[ ō Login with Hellō \]

**Optional properties:**

- `scope` - Array of [Hellō scope values](/docs/scopes). Default `['openid', 'email', 'name', 'picture']`.
- `targetURI` - defaults to `HELLO_DEFAULT_TARGET_ROUTE` or '/'
- `providerHint` - Array of [provider hints](/docs/apis/wallet). Example `['github', 'gitlab', 'email--', 'apple--', 'microsoft--']` would always recommend GitHub, GitLab, and Google.

`<UpdateProfileButton/>` - provides \[ ō Update Profile with Hellō \]

**Optional button styling properties:**
- `color` - white | black
- `theme` - ignore-light | ignore-dark | aware-invert | aware-static
- `hover` - pop | glow | flare | none

Explore styling with the [button playground](/docs/buttons/#explorer)

### `<HelloProvider/>`

By default, clicking the Hellō button would redirect to `/api/hellocoop?op=login` endpoint with the optional properties as additional query parameters. To override this behavior, wrap your app with the `<HelloProvider/>` component and pass the `config` object as a prop to the provider.
```vue filename="App.vue"
<script setup>
    import { HelloProvider } from '@hellocoop/vue';

    //default
    const config = {
        login: '/api/hellocoop?op=login'
    }
</script>

<template>
    <HelloProvider :config="config">
        <main> 
        ...
        </main>
    </HelloProvider>
</template>
```

Commit message:

add support for prompt, loginhint

pages/docs/sdks/vue.mdx, after:

import { Callout, Steps, Tabs } from 'nextra/components'

# Vue

This packages provides Hellō button components that you can use in a Vue SPA.

## Setup

To add Hellō to your Vue application, in your project directory:

<Steps>
### Install the package

```sh npm2yarn
npm i @hellocoop/vue
```

### Add Hellō stylesheet

To provide the button styling, add the below code to the `<head>` section of the `index.html`:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.hello.coop/css/hello-btn.css"/>
```
</Steps>

## Components

```typescript
import { // only import buttons used
    ContinueButton, 
    LoginButton, 
    UpdateProfileButton
} from '@hellocoop/vue'
```

### Buttons

`<ContinueButton/>` - provides \[ ō Continue with Hellō \]

`<LoginButton/>` - provides \[ ō Login with Hellō \]

`<UpdateProfileButton/>` - provides \[ ō Update Profile with Hellō \]

**Optional properties:**

- `scope` - Array of [Hellō scope values](/docs/scopes). Default `['openid', 'email', 'name', 'picture']`.
- `targetURI` - defaults to `HELLO_DEFAULT_TARGET_ROUTE` or '/'
- `providerHint` - Array of [provider hints](/docs/apis/wallet). Example `['github', 'gitlab', 'email--', 'apple--', 'microsoft--']` would always recommend GitHub, GitLab, and Google.
- `loginHint` - A hint for which user account to use. Only email addresses in the form of mailto:name@domain.example are currently supported.
- `promptLogin` - defaults to `false`. Will require the user to re-authenticate at their login provider.
- `promptConsent` - defaults to `false`. Will require the user to review, and potentially change, released claims.

**Optional button styling properties:**
- `color` - white | black
- `theme` - ignore-light | ignore-dark | aware-invert | aware-static
- `hover` - pop | glow | flare | none

Explore styling with the [button playground](/docs/buttons/#explorer)

### `<HelloProvider/>`

By default, clicking the Hellō button would redirect to `/api/hellocoop?op=login` endpoint with the optional properties as additional query parameters. To override this behavior, wrap your app with the `<HelloProvider/>` component and pass the `config` object as a prop to the provider.
```vue filename="App.vue"
<script setup>
    import { HelloProvider } from '@hellocoop/vue';

    //default
    const config = {
        login: '/api/hellocoop?op=login'
    }
</script>

<template>
    <HelloProvider :config="config">
        <main> 
        ...
        </main>
    </HelloProvider>
</template>
```
