pages/docs/apis/quickstart.mdx, before:

# Quickstart API


[Quickstart](https://quickstart.hello.coop) accelerates getting a developer up and running with apps that use Hellō. It returns a `client_id` by creating a new app with defaults, or selecting an existing Hellō app.

There are three mechanisms to invoke Quickstart:

1. Load `https://quickstart.hello.coop` with query parameters, as documented below. This can be used by any configuration script that can launch a browser
2. Run the Quickstart CLI as documented [here](/docs/sdks/quickstart/#cli-parameters).
3. Import the `@hellocoop/quickstart` npm package as documented [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hellocoop/quickstart).

(2) and (3) both start a local web server on an unused port and launch the default web browser to load the Quickstart Web App.


You can add Hellō Quickstart to a sample application, plug-in, or other software module with the web redirect API below.

### Launching Quickstart 

You load https://quickstart.hello.coop/ with the following optional query parameters:

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|`response_uri`| URI that Quickstart will redirect to with the `client_id` query parameter if provided|
|`suffix`| String that will be appended to the suggested name (eg: John's + suffix) for an app to be created. Defaults to "Application"|
|`integration`| Application that started Quickstart, shown in console, defaults to `quickstart`|
|`name`| Name of the application (`suffix` param is ignored if `name` param is provided)|
|`tos_uri`| URI to the Terms of Service|
|`pp_uri`| URI to the Privacy Policy|
|`image_uri`| URI to the app logo|
|`dark_image_uri`| URI to the dark theme app logo, which is shown if dark theme is detected in the browser|
|`redirect_uri`| One or more space separated OAuth `redirect_uri` values to be added to the Production Redirect URIs<br/>`http:\\localhost:*` and `http:\\127.0.0.1` Development Redirect URIs are enabled by default|
|`wildcard_domain`| a boolean value indicating if wildcard domains are enabled in Development Redirect URIs|
|`provider_hint`| a space separated list of recommended providers per [provider_hint](/docs/apis/wallet/#provider-hint) that will be presented when logging in new users to Quickstart|

### Quickstart Response

On completion, the Quickstart app will load the `response_uri` with the `client_id` query parameter set to the Hellō Client ID, or display the `client_id` on a completion page if no `response_uri` was provided. 

Try out the [Quickstart App ](https://quickstart.hello.coop/) to see it in action.

Commit message:

docs: Update Quickstart documentation with new environment variables and framework template features
- Added a section on environment variables, including `HELLO_DOMAIN` for overriding the default domain.
- Expanded framework template features to detail automatic file creation and default options for Next.js, Express, and Fastify.
- Included examples of generated files for better user guidance and understanding of the setup process.

pages/docs/apis/quickstart.mdx, after:

# Quickstart API


[Quickstart](https://quickstart.hello.coop) accelerates getting a developer up and running with apps that use Hellō. It returns a `client_id` by creating a new app with defaults, or selecting an existing Hellō app.

There are three mechanisms to invoke Quickstart:

1. Load `https://quickstart.hello.coop` with query parameters, as documented below. This can be used by any configuration script that can launch a browser
2. Run the Quickstart CLI as documented [here](/docs/sdks/quickstart/#cli-parameters).
3. Import the `@hellocoop/quickstart` npm package as documented [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hellocoop/quickstart).

(2) and (3) both start a local web server on an unused port and launch the default web browser to load the Quickstart Web App.


You can add Hellō Quickstart to a sample application, plug-in, or other software module with the web redirect API below.

### Launching Quickstart 

You load https://quickstart.hello.coop/ with the following optional query parameters:

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|`response_uri`| URI that Quickstart will redirect to with the `client_id` query parameter if provided|
|`suffix`| String that will be appended to the suggested name (eg: John's + suffix) for an app to be created. Defaults to "Application"|
|`integration`| Application that started Quickstart, shown in console, defaults to `quickstart`|
|`name`| Name of the application (`suffix` param is ignored if `name` param is provided)|
|`tos_uri`| URI to the Terms of Service|
|`pp_uri`| URI to the Privacy Policy|
|`image_uri`| URI to the app logo|
|`dark_image_uri`| URI to the dark theme app logo, which is shown if dark theme is detected in the browser|
|`redirect_uri`| One or more space separated OAuth `redirect_uri` values to be added to the Production Redirect URIs<br/>`http:\\localhost:*` and `http:\\127.0.0.1` Development Redirect URIs are enabled by default|
|`wildcard_domain`| a boolean value indicating if wildcard domains are enabled in Development Redirect URIs|
|`provider_hint`| a space separated list of recommended providers per [provider_hint](/docs/apis/wallet/#provider-hint) that will be presented when logging in new users to Quickstart|

### Environment Variables

The Quickstart API supports the following environment variables:

|Variable|Description|
|---|---|
|`HELLO_DOMAIN`| Override the default domain (defaults to `hello.coop`) for development and testing|

### Quickstart Response

On completion, the Quickstart app will load the `response_uri` with the `client_id` query parameter set to the Hellō Client ID, or display the `client_id` on a completion page if no `response_uri` was provided. 

Try out the [Quickstart App ](https://quickstart.hello.coop/) to see it in action.
